(PEOPLE CHEERING)
Hi.
HOWARD:
Hi. Good to see you. Yeah.
Welcome to the club.
Good to see you again.
Yes. How are you?
Thank you for coming.
Hi. guys.
Congratulations.
Enjoy tonight. will you?
Thanks.
Wonderful. Great.
Good to see you.
Glad you could make it.
Come on in.
Have a good time.
♪ (SPANISH SONG PLAYING)
Thank you.
Thanks.
Twenty years ago.
these people wouldn't even
let me in their homes.
Now they'd
elect me governor.
Smile for the newspapers.
Quentin.
It's the only thing
in Tampa I don't own.
Well. not yet.
How's your drink?
Perfect.
Where are the twins?
There's some idle
chit-chat about you
and a Russian boat.
Father would disapprove.
Well. father doesn't need
to know.
Go with him.
No.
It's my deal.
So I’m gonna
get a 3-to-1 return
on my money?
MICKY:
Bobby.
he's the real deal.
I met him at a hash bar
in Amsterdam.
He speaks Russian.
German. Arabic...
Mr. Astrov's trust
is not gained easily.
Two years it took me.
You see. Micky.
he doesn't like new faces.
So tell me. why am I
looking at a new face?
Otto Krieg.
meet my friend.
Bobby.
He's helping me
with the financing.
He's not a cop.
Let's see the money.
(CLEARING THROAT)
(BOTH SPEAKING RUSSIAN)
You like it?
Yeah. I like it.
We have deal?
We have deal.
(HELICOPTER APPROACHING)
(POLICE SIREN BLARING)
AGENT #1:
Bring them down!
AGENT #2:
Move!
Move in!
(AGENT ON SPEAKER)
This is the FBI.
Put your hands in the air.
(GUNS COCKING)
What is this?
You brought a cop. Micky.
and he brought
his fucking friends!
Don't look at me.
This is not good.
My father's gonna kill me.
You're under arrest
for the importation
and sale of
contraband firearms.
(CURSING IN GERMAN)
Gun! Gun!
Drop the gun! Drop the gun!
AGENT:
Shoot him!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Otto!
This is not my deal.
This is not my deal!
I don't even know these guys!
Cease fire!
AGENT:
Team 2. let's go.
Holy shit.
Bobby.
AGENT:
Stay down.
I'm calling it.
It's 1:37 a.m.
Bag him and ship him.
(POLICE RADIO CHATTERING)
God. I hate this job.
Give me a hand. fellows.
Yeah.
Hurry up. Frank.
we gotta get you
out of here.
What the hell happened?
Who's the kid?
Well. it was definitely
not in the plan.
But we beat the spread.
This isn't football.
Yeah.
it's a figure of speech.
People weren't
supposed to die
out there.
Get them ID'd
and get them
to the morgue.
And get me my pants!
Can we get some pants
over here?
Ah. shit.
ALL:
Surprise!
To Frank Castle.
the finest soldier.
the finest undercover OP.
the finest man
I’ve ever known.
What am I gonna
do without you?
Get a girlfriend.
You son of a bitch.
Never do that again.
Remember that watch
you gave me
thirteen years ago?
Small payment
for saving my life.
Oh. hell. that Iraqi
would have missed anyway.
It was sweet
for you to wait. Jim.
Here.
Now we both have one. Frank.
Oh. Jesus. Jimmy.
(AIRPLANE ENGINE WHIRRING)
Have fun in Puerto Rico. man.
Say hello to your folks.
Thanks.
Agent Weeks.
He's Robert Saint.
Howard Saint's son.
More paperwork
for Tampa PD.
No. we can handle this.
Stay out of the casino!
What. me?
See you. fellas!
See you. buddy!
Come on.
(EXCLAIMING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Bail him out.
Bring him to the club.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(DOGS BARKING)
Don't hit me. Don't hit me.
Hey. Micky.
Don't hit me.
(MICKY GRUNTING)
You sell
homegrown pot by the ounce.
Micky. not by the barrel.
You sell badly forged
fake passports to Haitians.
So what inspired you
to become
the Mr. Universe of
international arms dealers?
Micky. you should
apologize for the death
of Mr. Saint's
youngest child.
Ok. I know
how it looks.
But Bobby.
he buys pot from me.
And--and when he found out
what I was doing.
he insisted on coming in.
He put up half the cash.
He came of his own free will.
If you're gonna
kill me.
will you leave my face alone.
for my mother?
We just made your bail.
Now if I wanted
to kill you.
I would have left you in jail
where we have friends.
And in some way
that I can only describe
as deeply pornographic.
you would have been killed.
But you're
a small piece of shit.
and I don't want
the karma of your death
on my soul.
But on the other hand.
maybe I don't believe
in karma. so. guys...
No. no.
I'll tell you anything
you wanna know.
Ok. then this'll be quick.
I wanna know
one thing only.
Who brokered the deal?
His name is Otto Krieg.
And if it's
any comfort to Mr. Saint.
he's dead. too.
Well. it's not.
It's actually
no comfort at all.
But what might be
comforting to me
is to watch
the slow death of the man
who was supposed to be
taking care of my son
and making sure
that he did not
get into trouble.
Now. Micky.
What would your father
think of this?
Your father.
who gave his life for me.
what would he say?
I didn't know
it was gonna happen
like this. Please.
Well.
ignorance is no excuse.
The man who's responsible
for my son's death must die.
(MAN GROANING)
HOWARD:
I told you to never let him
out of your sight.
Mr. Saint.
Bobby told me to stay.
Tell him. John. John!
Mr. Saint.
it was Bobby's idea.
He wanted to go alone.
He thought he could impress
you or something.
Thank you for
that explanation.
My son didn't need
to impress me.
More boxes. guys.
This was a hard one.
This was the last one.
(CHUCKLING)
(SIGHING)
It's over.
Tell that to your son.
He doesn't believe me.
Where is he?
You know.
You know what I miss most
about Buck?
He could catch a ball.
No matter how hard
you threw it.
he was right there.
WILL:
Why are we always moving?
This is the last time.
You said that last time.
I did?
Yeah.
You said we were
leaving California
and we were gonna
move to Virginia.
and you'd work
in Washington
and we'd never move again.
I guess I’ve said
a lot of things. huh?
So why London?
London's a safe place
where we can all be together.
No more moving around.
I promise.
Someday when you're older.
Will.
I'll tell you
why we had to move
so much.
He was such a special boy.
Mr. Saint.
are you identifying this body
as your son. Robert Saint?
He deserved better.
Somebody lied to him.
Promised him one thing.
gave him another.
Do you know that
I used to have to dress him
till he was 13?
I would tie his ties.
comb his hair.
I'll have to get him
a new suit.
Who is Otto Krieg?
Who are the people
who work for him?
Who are his friends?
Who would stand to make
money from this deal?
Tell me.
We can't talk
about the case.
Mr. Saint.
Now. I understand your grief.
but for your own safety.
leave this to professionals.
Professionals? Yes.
I'll do that.
Goodbye. son.
QUENTIN:
We called New York.
we called Las Vegas.
we called Europe
and Hong Kong.
we even got
the Sicilians in on it
for old times' sake.
HOWARD:
What about Weeks?
FBI Special Agent
James Weeks. age 37.
former Green Beret.
Recruited by the FBI
eight years ago.
Recently assigned
to the bureau's
Florida division.
Divorced. Pays his taxes.
avoids hookers.
No drug problems.
One note of interest.
He frequents
an establishment in Ybor City
owned by two of our clients.
the Toro brothers.
He gambles?
Roulette when he's up.
Blackjack when he's down.
It sounds like fate to me.
As far as
Weeks is concerned.
a man who gambles
has a history.
I can guarantee you that.
Let's go.
♪ (SPANISH SONG PLAYING)
MIKE:
Hoyo de Monterrey.
The best.
For ten years.
we've done business.
Ten years you've
handled our money
and this is the first time
you come to my office.
This is actually
the first time
you guys have seen
where the money
comes from.
You never invited me
to your house. Howard.
And I know you're
not a silver-spooner
any more than me.
So why not be social?
My son is dead.
We didn't kill him.
I didn't say you did.
I can't bring him back.
Howard.
So. if you think
I’m Jesus Christ. you came
to the wrong church.
(BEEPING)
That man knows
who killed my son.
We can kill him
right now. Howard.
if that's what you want.
Just talk. Just talk to him.
that's all.
Good. Can I get in here?
Let's go here.
Let's share that spot.
Hey! That's it.
We're good.
You lay one hand on me.
and fifty federal agents
will be here in the morning
with warrants.
No shit.
MIKE:
Go get your warrants.
"Hey. your honor.
we wanna bust
this illegal gambling joint.
"'cause I lost 200 grand."
You'll be a meter maid
before breakfast.
They'll suspend me
for a month.
slap me on the wrist.
That's what you get
the first time.
What are you
talking about?
Clipped
a couple of paychecks.
everything's hunky-dory. huh?
But twice. not so hunky.
not so dory.
MIKE:
Read the numbers. joe.
Jimmy Weeks.
May 3. you lost 27 grand.
May 17. 43.
June 12. 134 grand.
You've already sold
everything you own.
So how did you pay?
Yeah. How did you pay?
A friend of ours
downtown
works in the federal
evidence locker.
where all the seized cash
and drugs go.
This guy says
there is 200 Gs missing.
Wait a minute. joe.
This is a coincidence.
Yeah. but wait.
Aren't you the supervising
agent down there?
I think
you're going to jail.
You don't get a wrist slap
in jail. Agent Weeks.
You get a bitch slap.
(DOOR OPENING)
Sit down.
If I wanted you killed.
it would have been done.
I need you.
A couple of nights ago.
I asked you
about Otto Krieg.
May I pose that
question again?
Now. I’m no fool.
So don't treat me
like one.
Otto Krieg.
That's not his name.
Fives.
(BOTH PANTING)
Come on.
That was cool.
Leave it.
We'll be back.
Race you?
Yeah.
Got anything left?
I don't see it.
Come on.
FRANK:
He did his free ascent
on the first try.
I've seen navy seals
do worse.
All right. great. honey.
That's what
we like to hear.
I'm so proud of you.
Good job. babe.
Hey. Frank. is that
that Candelaria?
MR. CASTLE:
Yeah. Manuel.
People around here
call him a witch doctor.
He lives on that island
way off the point.
Only one damn fool
I know crazy enough
to swim over there.
(LAUGHING)
Gee. let me guess.
(ALL CHATTERING)
This is the first
family reunion we've had
in five years.
And that's too long.
That's too long.
Amen.
Two families that.
when you put them together.
you get--
You get this.
my grandson!
I just wanna say
that I’m very happy
that you're all here.
I'm very proud
And that I love you.
ALL:
We love you. too.
Love you. too. dad.
Salud.
ALL:
Salud! Cheers!
Hey.
What happened?
What's wrong?
I-- you know--
I can't believe I’m home.
And that I could
ever be so lucky.
Because there were times.
Maria. I gotta tell you--
Frank.
I lost so much time.
with both of you.
And I’m really sorry--
Stop. Hey. hey. hey.
I married you.
I knew what I was doing.
And I’d do it again.
You and I.
we're not lucky.
We are blessed.
(BELL TOLLING)
(ENGINE STARTING)
I'll see you at home. son.
His name's Frank Castle.
Senior agent.
Just got the bureau's
London desk.
His alias. connections.
apartments in Europe.
none of it was real.
not even his death.
Well. maybe it was.
Maybe he died
and came back to life
so he could die again.
You have your chance.
He's leaving for England
next week
and he's at a family reunion
in Puerto Rico.
I think you should be there.
so you can come back
and tell Livia how he died.
All right.
Wait.
His family.
His whole family.
Is that what you want?
Morning.
Hey.
We should have another.
I'm ready.
Another what?
FRANK:
Morning. will.
Come here.
WILL:
They were selling
t-shirts in town.
One of them
was really scary.
The guy in the shop
said it wards off
evil spirits.
It's really intense.
You know about this?
Mmm-hmm.
Let's see here.
this is interesting.
Like it?
I love it. Thanks.
♪ (MUSIC PLAYING)
Thanks.
All right.
Here you go.
Where's the camera? Ok.
Come on. mom. Come on.
Come on. mom.
You gotta see this.
What?
(GUN COCKING)
Your 1911 Colts.
You've done
something to them.
You could say that.
I bored the chambers
and customized
the triggers
and added
some compensators.
They used to be pretty good.
but now they're nail drivers.
Well. let's see.
Hey. mom.
Look.
Wow. Look at that.
It's a stingray.
Yeah.
(GUN FIRING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Mom?
WOMAN:
God. no. no!
Get down. honey.
Get down.
Get over here.
Get under the boat.
Get under it.
(WOMAN GASPING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Jesus.
Ok. I’m gonna
count to 3.
and we're gonna
run to the Jeep.
Ok. honey?
What about dad?
Dad'll be ok.
1. 2. 3.
Dad.
Go. honey.
(WHISTLING)
You hang on. honey.
WILL:
Mom.
You ok?
(MACHINE GUN FIRING)
Mom's gonna get help. ok?
No!
Come on. baby.
Get out of the car.
WILL:
Mom. my arm.
Come on. honey.
you can do it.
Come on.
My arm. Mom. my arm.
I know. baby.
But we have to
keep moving. ok?
I need you to be a big boy.
and you have to
keep moving. ok?
Ok.
Help!
Somebody help me!
Come on. baby!
Mom. here.
Grandpa's boat.
Run. honey!
(PANTING)
No. Maria!
JOHN:
My mother and father
send their regards.
This time
they're not blanks.
Maria--
(GASPING)
It's me. Castle.
Candelaria.
I'll take care of you.
(GROANING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Palmer. you gonna make
love to that car.
or are you gonna park it?
Get that junk
out of here!
Thank you.
Come on. fellows.
Big crowd tonight.
Mr. Saint.
You look beautiful.
Mrs. Saint.
LIVIA:
Little prick.
Holy shit.
♪ (SALSA MUSIC PLAYING)
To Bobby.
To a score settled.
Quentin. dance with Liv.
♪ Are these feelings ♪
♪ From my intuition? ♪
When did you
speak to him?
About an hour ago.
Mr. Saint.
He just said
the Toros are starting...
♪ Or have I been
Sweetly deceived? ♪
Try the Grand Turk.
♪ If you only knew
How crazy I feel ♪
♪ How deeply I fall
How slowly I heal ♪
♪ Oh. it coming undone ♪
♪ Or am I jealous one? ♪
I got something for you.
Harry Winston.
Beautiful.
Without you.
they're just diamonds.
I asked you
to avenge our son.
and you did.
Thank you.
CANDELARIA:
Vaya con dios. Castle.
Go with God.
God's gonna
sit this one out.
♪ (BROKEN BY SEETHER PLAYING)
♪ I wanted you to know ♪
♪ I love the way you laugh ♪
♪ I wanna hold you high ♪
♪ And steal your pain away ♪
♪ (SINGING IN ITALIAN)
You are insignificant.
You are a coward.
You are a great
disappointment
to your mother and I!
(TAPPING)
Yes! Die! Die! Die!
I am the most amazing man
in the world!
(ENGINES REVVING)
It's really loud.
Is it supposed
to be that loud?
Oh. it's beautiful.
He hasn't slept all week.
BUMPO:
How do you know?
'Cause I haven't
slept all week.
DAVE:
What do you think
he does?
Maybe he's an artist.
Wow!
Our neighbor is an artist.
Yeah. and you're
the expert on artists?
I've known a few.
So what do you
think he's doing?
Ask him.
Oh. yeah. right.
"Ask him."
I'm late for work.
Bye. Joan.
JOAN:
Bye.
This is undignified.
You're supposed to be dead.
FRANK:
Let's talk.
Stay away from me. Castle.
I have friends. you know?
Let's talk
about your friends.
Make your own friends.
buddy.
I'm not saying nothing.
I talk to you.
they'll kill me.
(GROANING)
You don't help me.
I'll kill you now. Mick.
The Saints tell me nothing.
Nothing?
They pay your rent.
your legal bills.
You should know something.
What's the torch for?
2.000 degrees. Mick.
Enough to turn
steel into butter.
(SIGHS)
It won't hurt at first.
It's. uh. too hot. you see?
The flame sears
the nerve endings shut.
killing them.
You'll go into shock
and all you'll feel is
cold.
Isn't science fun. Micky?
I don't know shit!
You'll smell burning meat.
and then.
then it'll hurt.
I swear
I’m telling the truth!
(SIZZLING)
(SCREAMING)
Son of a bitch!
MICKY:
Oh. my God.
Should we call the police?
Let's stay out of it.
He's a very scary man.
He's killing someone.
and we're next.
Exactly.
No. no-- wait. wait--
(MICKY GASPING)
Smell that. Mick?
I'm burning off
some of your fat.
I'll tell you anything.
anything.
anything you want to know.
That's a good boy.
Ok. ok.
Any discussion of
Howard Saint's business
involves two Cubans.
the Toro brothers.
MICKY)
They control
all the prostitution
and gambling
up and down
the gulf coast.
Tons of cash.
They give their dirty money
to Howard Saint.
who transports it
in cigarette boats
to his banks in Grand Cayman.
washes it and wires it back.
clean as a whistle.
For the love of God--
You are not
a nice person.
So what's up. you're
gonna string up Howard Saint
and blowtorch him?
I like that idea.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)
But I have something better.
And guess what?
You're gonna help me.
Unless you wanna
stay Howard Saint's lackey
for the rest of your life.
I hate the Saints.
all of them.
Tell me about them.
What they do. where. when.
Howard Saint's a man
of strict habits.
He has first tee time
five days a week
at Tampa springs.
Never fails.
He likes money.
he likes power.
But the thing
this guy covets most?
The wife. Livia.
What happened to your family.
Howard did that for her.
She's just like him.
and she's just
as predictable.
Every Thursday she works out.
gets her nails done
and goes to the movies.
Howard knows every move
this broad makes.
Any man
who looks at her wrong.
he ends up in Tampa bay.
Let's not forget Johnny boy.
the son you didn't kill.
What a putz.
Last but not least.
Quentin Glass.
Been with Howard 20 years.
The family consigliere.
lawyer. CPA.
and a sadist.
Who knows what's
going on with this guy?
(CAR ENGINE REVVING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Yes?
JOHN)
Pop. you're not
gonna believe this.
Oh. I think I might.
REPORTER #1:
Chief Morris.
will the budget cuts mean
less officers on the street?
How will this affect
your ability....
Thank you. No comment.
REPORTER #2:
What impact will all this
have on police layoffs?
Castle?
Just a minute.
the Frank Castle?
Hey. I thought
you were dead.
(REPORTERS CLAMORING)
Hold on. Hold on.
Whoa. hold--
Hey. Jimmy.
Jesus. Frank.
Where have you been?
I got shot. I woke up.
That's what I remember.
You subpoena me.
that's what I’ll say.
It's been five months
since my family was killed.
I don't see one man in jail.
Obviously you're upset.
Upset? Is that the word?
I used to get upset
when I had a flat tire.
when a plane was delayed.
I used to get upset
when the Yankees
won the series.
So if that's
what "upset" means.
then how do I feel now?
If you know the word.
tell me. because I don't.
Castle. if you're
not gonna cooperate.
we're gonna have to--
Wait. wait. This man
has been through hell.
Who's he supposed
to trust right now?
Let's get him
to a safe house.
I don't want a safe house.
Jimmy.
I don't want
witness protection.
I don't want anything.
All I wanna know
is who gave me up.
Don't be a stranger. Jim.
REPORTER:
Castle. where have you been?
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
MAN:
Taxi!
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
♪ (MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
(GUN COCKING)
Get up. Wheel the money out.
Fill that up.
You know whose money
this is?
You know whose
building this is?
Howard Saint's.
He's gonna fuck
your life up.
He already fucked my life up.
Now. out the window.
What?
Out the window.
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Good business. murder?
Does Saint pay you
for each one.
or does he get
a group-rate discount?
(SHELLS CLINKING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Our top story this morning.
a double homicide
in downtown Tampa.
Two men were gunned down
in the lobby of
the Saint building--
now to our other
breaking story--
Francis Castle is alive
and back in Tampa.
You may remember.
Castle's the FBI Agent
presumed dead.
after his family's
gangland killing.
He speaks six languages.
he did two tours
with 12th Special Ops CTU.
What's CTU.?
Counter terrorism unit.
...at this hour. Right now.
Tampa police do not have
a motive
and no arrests
have been made.
(DOOR OPENING)
That's the latest
news at this hour.
We'll have more
on this developing story--
It's him.
Hi there.
MR. CASTLE)
I just wanna say
that I’m very happy
that you're all here.
I’m very proud
FRANK)
I guess I’ve said
a lot of things.
MARIA)
We're not lucky.
We are blessed.
Maria!
How is he still alive?
I don't know. Quentin.
I wasn't there.
Why is he still alive?
Now that. that's
an interesting question.
Maybe he's still alive because
he was meant to suffer more.
I don't know.
But how
can we make him suffer
if we can't find him?
He's daring us.
No. no.
He--he misses his family
and he wants to die.
He's asking for help.
so let's help him.
The Toros called?
They'll be here
tomorrow morning.
You invited them
to this house?
They invited themselves.
Howard.
Mike. joe. Welcome.
Let's get a drink.
We don't have time
for that. Howard.
Oh. my God.
this weather.
Yeah.
just a little polluted.
don't you think so?
I've seen hurricanes.
I've seen it rain
like cats and dogs.
But never in all my years
have I seen it
rain $100 bills.
Yeah. this rainmaker.
Castle.
he was supposed
to be dead. no?
Yeah.
Guys. look.
Come on.
Working together
for ten years.
first time anything like this
ever happened.
At a personal loss to us
of $50 million. Howard.
that's one time too many.
Do you want us
to find another banker?
No.
Ok.
Look. we want
our money back.
all right?
And we want protection
on the next shipment.
Do you guarantee
our money this time?
With everything I’ve got.
In 48 hours.
Castle's a memory.
A pro from Memphis.
The best.
You know.
I spoke at your funeral.
What did you say?
I said it was hard
to imagine you dead.
Anything you can imagine.
Jimmy.
there's always
something worse.
You called
to tell me that?
Frank. I need you
to get out of town.
Let me handle this.
Let me find out
who set you up
before they find you.
I'm hoping they find me.
You're not thinking straight.
You're gonna
end up a dead man.
I'm already dead.
(SIGHING)
So. listen. guy.
Take care.
Think about what I said.
What happened
to your Porsche.
Jimmy?
You used to
love that car.
Hey. man.
Patriotic.
I wanted to buy American.
Come on. Joanie.
Open up the goddamn door.
or I’ll kill you.
I'm fucking freezing.
bitch!
You're hurting my feelings.
I wanna talk with you now.
honey.
You're hurting my feelings.
♪ (MUSIC PLAYING)
Joanie.
open up the goddamn door!
You're hurting my feelings.
you bitch!
Um. dude?
It's kind of late.
Yeah?
What time is it in Hawaii?
You should leave right now.
Shut your face.
you lardass.
Joanie. come on. baby.
let me in.
I'm gonna call the cops.
Are you?
You'll call the cops?
You wanna call the cops?
Call them. call them.
call them!
FRANK:
Hey.
Get out.
What. what. what.
what. what?
Mikey don't have
his tricks anymore?
And the speed? Huh?
What. what. what.
what. what--
(GROANING)
You shouldn't
play with knives.
(MAN GROANING)
No one's ever
stood up for me before.
Come on. champ.
Let's get some ice
on that.
Come on.
Frank kicked his ass.
huh?
He's fine.
He's all right.
I--
I've lived in seven cities
in seven years.
and in each one.
I've managed to find
the one guy who will
treat me the worst.
But I’m trying
to fix that.
You're Castle.
Used to be.
We saw you on TV.
(CLEARING THROAT)
I don't have one.
I'm Joan.
Dave's the one
with all the metal.
And Bumpo's the--
Well.
you can probably figure out
which one Bumpo is.
We're really sorry.
About what?
About your family.
Did you know them?
No.
I'm over it.
Don't let your memories
kill you.
They won't kill me.
(CAR LOCK BEEPING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Glass.
Quentin Glass?
Who is this?
I have
certain photographic studies
of you and your boyfriend.
Meet me at the bar
at the Wyndham Hotel.
Bring $5.000.
and I’ll give you
the photos.
You wouldn't want
Howard Saint to see them.
Mr. Glass.
Thank you. sir.
Have a good night.
Quentin's late.
Do you know where he is?
I have no idea.
Have you seen your mother?
It's Thursday. pop.
Right. Movies.
Mr. Saint?
I know where Mr. Glass is.
I saw him pulling
into the Wyndham Hotel
a couple of hours ago.
(CHUCKLING)
That was good.
I never--
Howard? Come here.
I was just telling Quentin
about the movie.
Where have you been.
Quentin?
I've been looking
for you.
I dozed off
out by the pool.
That's funny.
What's funny?
Micky said that he saw you
at the Wyndham.
Micky should have
his eyes checked.
So he's mistaken?
Yes. Howard.
he--he's mistaken.
Oh. my goodness.
These pancakes
are really good. Joan.
What's he been doing
for the last few days?
Drinking.
A lot.
(DOORBELL JINGLING)
Good morning. sir.
Sit anywhere you like.
♪ I can hear
What you're thinking ♪
♪ All your doubts and fears ♪
♪ And if you look in my eye ♪
♪ In time you'll find
The reason I’m here ♪
♪ And in time all things
Shall pass away ♪
♪ In time you may
Come back someday ♪
♪ To live once more ♪
♪ Or die once more ♪
♪ But in time your time
Will be no more ♪
Do I know you?
I know you.
You're that boy
in the newspaper.
Came back from the dead.
I didn't catch your name.
You like that song?
I wrote that for you.
I'm gonna sing it
at your funeral.
(DOORBELL JINGLING)
(BELL CLANGING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
You are one dumb
son of a bitch.
bringing a knife
to a gunfight.
(CHOKING)
Frank. what are you
doing here?
I've come to a conclusion.
If I wanna find peace.
I'm not gonna find it
in Tampa.
So I’m going.
Where?
I don't know.
Come on. man.
You can tell me.
I'll send you a post card.
Cool.
Listen. I got to run.
Um. you going somewhere.
you need a ride?
No.
I'm gonna go smoke
some cigarettes.
You don't smoke.
(JOHN SHOUTING)
Come on. let's move.
Let's move!
(THUD)
All of it? All?
MIKE:
Look at this. joe.
This is what
I’m talking about.
Don't fucking
touch me.  cojones.
Don't tell the Toros
till we have a plan.
Look at this place.
Isn't it beautiful?
Howard. we had chicken
a la Havana tonight.
Very tasty.
Don't touch the Cubans.
(CHUCKLING)
Have you heard the news?
A shipment of cash
was torched
on mullet key.
Whose money was it.
huh?
Our mother
always put her cash
in the mattress.
which I thought
it was a good idea.
Till the house burned down.
It was a big fire.
She lost everything.
(CLIPPING)
That's what happens
when you don't
watch your money.
You lose everything. Howard.
Everything.
Fourteen shipments
are perfect.
One went bad
and I get this.
Why? Because you want
to scare me?
There's no insurance
in this business.
you know that.
So I’m not covering
your fucking losses.
And.
Mike. if you don't like it.
just remember one thing.
I've got more guns
than you do.
It's not even Cuban.
Howard.
It's Honduran.
They're animals.
With all due respect.
we don't have more guns.
It's my duty to--
It's your duty
to make Castle dead!
I don't care what it takes.
what it costs.
Call the Russian.
Here.
Now we both have one. Frank.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Hi.
Mr. Castle. we. uh.
need your help right now.
because the guy
who's after Joan
is in her apartment
right now.
(SIGHING)
We want you
to have dinner
with us.
(JOAN CLEARING THROAT)
I know it's not thanksgiving.
but. uh. I’d like us
to all say
what we're thankful for.
I'll start.
I'm thankful to be alive
this year.
And to have a job.
And to be sober.
Yeah.
I'm thankful for my mom
getting out of jail.
You know. it's cool.
And this girl
gave me her number.
which is also cool.
Thanks for leftovers.
I'm full.
Thanks for diet Pepsi.
And thanks for
good neighbors.
Thanks for dinner.
There's dessert.
Ice Florentine.
You have to try
my ice Florentine.
Come on. Dave.
Come on. I need your help.
(CLEARING THROAT)
No. no. I'll do that.
I know what it's like.
I know what it's like
to try and make
your memories go away.
You can make new memories.
Good ones.
Good memories
can save your life.
I'm not what
you're looking for.
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR CLOSING)
♪ (MUSIC PLAYING)
(LIP-SYNCHING
VOICE ON RECORD)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
(SIGHS)
Did you feel that?
♪ (MUSIC STARTS PLAYING)
No. no. no. no. no. no.
(SCREAMING)
(SIZZLING)
(GROANING)
(FRANK COUGHING)
Mr. Castle?
Frank?
I'm fine.
He's not.
We've gotta get him
to a hospital.
He needs a doctor. You need--
You need a doctor.
No hospital. no police.
Ok. all right.
All right.
I know
what he wants.
Ok. Ok.
Jesus.
Well.
it sure looks like you know
what you're doing. Joan.
I don't know much.
but I’m good
with a needle.
Don't ask. This will hurt.
He looks weak.
Is he gonna die?
(GASPS)
Appearances
aren't everything.
You can let go now.
We have to move him.
BUMPO:
Where? There's
no place to go.
What do we do?
(WHIRRING)
Elevator.
Nice.
Ok. come on.
Let's-- let's go.
Careful.
Where's Castle?
Frank Castle.
who lives here.
I asked you a question.
fat man.
Leave him alone.
Then I’ll ask you.
Where's Castle?
He's not here.
QUENTIN:
Really?
(FRANK GROANING)
Are you sure?
(MUMBLING)
What did you say. hmm?
I'm having a difficult time
hearing you.
I said.
I'm not saying shit.
Well.
I don't want you to say shit.
I want you to answer me.
You don't wanna say
anything about anything
you might know?
(GROANING)
Maybe we should get
to know each other
a little better.
What's your name?
Dave.
You go to school
around here?
You don't go to school?
No.
No. I dropped out.
You dropped out?
You're not doing drugs.
are you?
Not right now.
And what are you doing
with all this stuff?
What is that?
Piercings.
Piercings? Did it hurt
when you do that?
Little bit.
You like that?
When it hurt a little bit?
No.
That's a special one there.
isn't it?
Is that your favorite?
That's hard to get.
Yeah.
Mmm.
Answer my question. please.
No.
QUENTIN:
Come here.
No.
What's the matter?
(GROANING)
Your friend's about
to have a bad day.
You can save him
by talking.
It doesn't have
to be this way.
You think you know
about pain. boy?
about pain?
Huh?
(DAVE GASPING)
That's ok. That's ok.
Are you gonna tell me?
Dave? Little Dave?
(DAVE SCREAMING)
No!
Ok. why don't you and I
just see if we can discover
the true nature of pain?
Stop.
Come here. Dave. Come on.
Dave. come on.
You wanna talk to me?
No!
You can talk to me.
(CRYING)
Talk to me. Dave.
No!
If they knew.
they would have talked.
They must not
have known.
If--
When he shows up.
kill him.
(PHONE RINGING)
Go ahead.
JOHN)
Castle's alive.
The Russian’s dead.
Where's Quentin?
Home. I'm at the office.
Close the club.
Get everyone in.
We're going hunting.
I'll be back
after 10:00.
Darling? It's Thursday.
Bye. sweetie.
(THUNDER CLAPPING)
Look what they did to him.
They tried
to make me talk.
I gave them nothing.
You don't know me.
You don't owe me
anything.
I've brought you
nothing but trouble.
Why are you ready
to die for me?
'Cause you're one of us.
You're family.
Get him
to a hospital.
BUMPO:
Come on. champ.
they'll get you all fixed up.
Say you kill them all.
Then what?
What makes you
any different from them?
They have something to lose.
You're gonna die tonight.
aren't you?
Is that what you want?
FRANK)
I leave this
as a declaration of intent.
so no one will be confused.
One.
"si vis pacem. para bellum."
Latin.
The boot camp sergeant
made us recite it
like a prayer.
"Si vis pacem. para bellum."
"If you want peace.
prepare for war."
(PHONE RINGING)
Glass.
FRANK)
Quentin. those pictures
of you. I changed my mind.
The number's now $10.000.
Be at McNab's. the men's store
on Broadway. at 9:00 p.m..
or they'll have
their own website.
Listen to me. you son of--
remember. 9:00 p.m.
Just do it. Glass.
(BEEPING)
(PHONE RINGING)
Duka speaking.
You're on.
Mr. Saint.
how do you want me
to pay for this?
Pay for what?
I was detailing
Mrs. Saint's car
and I found this ticket.
Just take care of it.
Where was it?
The Wyndham Hotel.
What's that date?
September 5th.
Last Thursday.
Where did you say
Quentin was
last Thursday?
The Wyndham Hotel.
But Mrs. Saint
was at the movies
last Thursday.
I mean.
wasn't she?
Do you have a key
for Quentin’s house?
Sure.
I do his laundry.
Micky?
Get me last month's
phone bill.
Yes. sir.
(BEEPING)
Need help
with some underpants.
sir?
Go fuck yourself.
Evening. Quentin.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Howard.
What are you doing here?
Jim Bowie.
Excuse me?
You know. Jim Bowie.
the colonel.
the man who died
in the Alamo.
Had a knife named after him.
He was a gambler.
And when he was accused
of cheating at cards.
what he would do is.
he would take the guy
in the other room.
move the furniture
like so.
Then he'd take his knife.
He'd throw it in the ground.
And the one that left
got the money.
Gee. I didn't know that.
Howard.
The only problem is
that you have
too much furniture.
I'm not following this.
I'm accusing you.
Of what?
Cheating.
I've never taken
a cent from you.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Where were the two of you
gonna do it next time.
the Wyndham?
Two who?
You and the whore.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
(CHUCKLING)
Ooh. you're good.
You should have
been a stage actor.
Maybe next lifetime.
(TITTERING)
What are you--
What are you doing?
You better
pick up the knife. Quentin.
‘cause if you don't. I will.
I don't need to
grab a knife. Howard.
This isn't funny. Howard.
(EXCLAIMS)
What--
How long have you
worked for me?
Do you think
I’m an idiot?
Have you lost
your mind--
You were my brother.
I gave you everything.
denied you nothing.
(GASPING)
But it wasn't enough.
My Liv.
What has she told you?
Don't do this--
Don't--
Don't do this!
Don't. don't. don't do this.
Howard! Howard.
Howard. you're killing me.
You're killing me. Why?
Why are you killing me?
(THUDDING)
How was work?
Why is that gun
pointed at me?
It's how I say hi
to everyone these days.
What did happen
to your Porsche. Jimmy?
I told you. "Buy American."
I didn't see
your fishing boat outside.
Well.
you know what they say
about owning boats.
The two happiest days
are the day you buy it
and the day you sell it.
They say that
about TVs and stereos?
Wristwatches?
I had my money
in hi-tech stocks.
Broker kept telling me.
"Don't sell. Don't sell."
I'm an old soldier.
I follow orders.
And now I’m broke.
Get off my back.
Ok. Jimmy.
I get it.
Why did you call me
the other day. Jimmy?
Why didn't you run
when you saw that
I was still alive?
How long have you known?
You mean for certain?
Enough to. say. bet on?
Not till now.
I'm sorry. Frank.
Me. too.
(CLICKING)
I'm not a betting man. Jimmy.
I'll tell you who did it.
You did it.
Saint did it!
No. you did it.
You called the other day
‘cause you're sick.
You need my help.
That's what
friends are for. right?
Well. here I am.
I'm here to help.
What are you gonna do?
I'm not gonna do anything.
You are.
Frank. I--
(GUN COCKING)
Let's say goodbye like
the friends we were. huh?
Not like animals.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I can't do it.
You can and you will.
You do it.
No.
(GUN FIRES)
What the hell
are you doing?
I know about
you and Quentin.
Quentin?
You went to the movies
last Thursday. 8:00?
Yes.
Then at 9:00 you called him
from your car?
Must have been
a short movie.
Howard. there's--
There's an explanation.
Oh. I know.
You're fucking him.
You're fucking
my best friend.
That would be
a little hard to accomplish.
Howard.
Oh. so true.
So true.
(LIVIA GASPING)
Howard.
You should really learn
to pay your parking tickets.
I don't know what--
You thought we--
Howard. Quentin was gay.
You'd say anything!
I don't know what happened.
Would you just talk to me?
Howard. Howard.
(LIVIA PANTING)
Howard.
You have to listen to me.
Please. Howard.
Do you recognize
the neighborhood?
Little Cuba?
Just think.
the first time I saw you
was only three blocks from here.
Look at me. Howard.
Of course.
then the neighborhood was
so much more colorful.
Look at me. Howard. please.
Please. Howard.
Now it's just for whores.
You'll fit right in.
Look at that rock!
Look at it! Take a look!
I gave you that
when I had nothing.
And all I asked for
in return was loyalty.
I have been
loyal to you.
Howard.
You're not making any sense!
I'm not making sense. huh?
Here. look at this.
I found that
in Quentin’s bed.
Does that make enough sense
for you. huh? Huh?
No. No.
No?
Me neither.
(THUDDING)
(SIGHS)
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
I'd like to go to the club.
I need a martini.
$50.000 apiece.
And $50.000 more
to the man
who kills him.
If you accept this money.
you're in till it's over.
Where have you been?
Where's Quentin?
Oh. well.
he's wrapped up
in something.
I called home.
no one was there.
Your mother's gone.
What?
She took the train.
(OWL HOOTING)
FRANK)
Number 2.
Frank Castle is dead.
He died with his family.
Number 3.
in certain
extreme situations.
the law is inadequate.
In order to shame
its inadequacy.
it is necessary to act
outside the law.
to pursue natural justice.
This is not vengeance.
Revenge is not a valid motive.
it's an emotional response.
No. not vengeance.
Punishment.
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(CHOKING)
♪ (MUSIC PLAYING)
(INTERCOM BUZZING)
Hey. Eddie. more champagne
on the double.
Coming right up.
(BEEPS)
Oh!
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(CRACKLING)
(MOANING)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(BEEPS)
Stop!
(JOHN GROANING)
You look like a strong kid.
You must work out.
Ever try isometrics?
This antipersonnel mine
weighs 8 pounds.
Not much.
But try holding it
with an outstretched arm.
Hell of a workout.
Don't leave
me like this.
Don't leave me
like this!
Help. please.
FRANK:
Howard Saint.
Howard Saint!
You took everything from me.
You killed my son.
JOHN:
No!
(EXPLOSION)
Both of them.
I made you kill
your best friend.
(CLINKING)
I made you kill your wife.
Oh. God.
And now I’ve killed you.
(BEEPS)
(STARTING ENGINE)
(MOANING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
You're right.
Good memories
can save your life.
When Dave
gets out of the hospital.
check the cupboard.
I left something.
For all of you.
You're leaving.
I have work to do.
Read your newspaper
every day.
You'll understand.
Which section?
Obituaries.
(WIND WHISTLING)
FRANK)
Those who do evil to others.
the killers. the rapists.
psychos. sadists.
you will come
to know me well.
Frank Castle is dead.
Call me
the Punisher.
♪ (IN TIME
BY MARK COLLIE PLAYING)
♪ I can hear
What you're thinking ♪
♪ All your doubts
And fears ♪
♪ And if you look in my eyes ♪
♪ In time you'll find
The reason I’m here ♪
♪ And in time all things
Shall pass away ♪
♪ In time. you may come
Back someday ♪
♪ To live once more ♪
♪ Or die once more ♪
♪ But in time. your time
Will be no more ♪
♪ You know your days
Are numbered ♪
♪ Count them one by one ♪
♪ Like notches in the handle
Of an outlaw's gun ♪
♪ You can outrun the devil
If you try ♪
♪ But you'll never outrun
The hands of time ♪
♪ In time there surely
Come a day ♪
♪ In time all things
Shall pass away ♪
♪ In time you may come
Back some say ♪
♪ To live once more ♪
♪ Or die once more ♪
♪ But in time. your time
Will be no more ♪
♪ I can hear
What you're thinking ♪
♪ (STEP UP
BY DROWNING POOL PLAYING)
♪ Broken ♪
♪ Yeah. you've been
Living on the edge
Of a broken dream ♪
♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Yeah. that's
The only thing you'll ever
Take away from me ♪
♪ I’m never gonna stop ♪
♪ I’m never gonna drop ♪
♪ Ain't no different
Than it was before ♪
♪ So take some good advice ♪
♪ You better stop
And think twice ♪
♪ Before you take
Your first step ♪
♪ Out that door ♪
♪ If you wanna step up
Step up ♪
♪ You're gonna
Get knocked down.
Knocked down ♪
♪ If you wanna step up
Step up ♪
♪ You're gonna get
Knocked down ♪
♪ You had your chance
To walk away ♪
♪ Live to see another day ♪
♪ If you wanna step up
Step up ♪
♪ You're gonna
Get knocked down.
Knocked down ♪
♪ You're gonna get
♪ You're gonna
Get knocked down
Step up ♪
♪ You're gonna get
Knocked down ♪
♪ You're gonna
Get knocked down
Step up ♪
♪ You're gonna get
Knocked down ♪
♪ (EYES WIRED SHUT
BY EDGEWATER PLAYING)
♪ I’ve thrown away
I’ve thrown away again ♪
♪ The pills that make me ♪
♪ I’ve thrown away
I’ve thrown away again ♪
♪ The chance
The want to change ♪
♪ I’ve thrown away
I’ve thrown away again ♪
♪ Standing all alone ♪
♪ I’ve thrown away
I’ve thrown away again ♪
♪ Eyes wired shut ♪
♪ Running through my brain ♪
♪ Pulling back the skin ♪
♪ It happens
We're getting older ♪
♪ Eyes wired shut ♪
♪ Running through my brain ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ But in the end
It keeps me coming ♪
♪ (BROKEN BY SEETHER PLAYING)
♪ I wanted you to know ♪
♪ I love the way you laugh ♪
♪ I wanna hold you high ♪
♪ And steal your pain away ♪
♪ I keep your photograph ♪
♪ I know it serves me well ♪
♪ I wanna hold you high ♪
♪ And steal your pain ♪
♪ ‘Cause I’m broken ♪
♪ When I’m lonesome ♪
♪ And I don't feel right ♪
♪ When you're gone away ♪
♪ You've gone away ♪
♪ You don't feel me here ♪
♪ Anymore ♪
♪ The worst is over now ♪
♪ And we can breathe again ♪
♪ I wanna hold you high ♪
♪ You steal my pain away ♪
♪ There's so much left
To learn ♪
♪ And no one left to fight ♪
♪ I wanna hold you high ♪
♪ And steal your pain ♪
♪ ‘Cause I’m broken ♪
♪ When I’m lonesome ♪
♪ And I don't feel right ♪
♪ When you're gone away ♪
♪ ‘Cause I’m broken ♪
♪ When I’m lonesome ♪
♪ And I don't feel right ♪
♪ When you're gone away ♪
♪ You've gone away ♪
♪ You don't feel me here ♪
♪ Anymore ♪